listen if i i give home i have 22
animals on my farm in nashville i've got
in my house in calabasas like i'm doing
what i need to do for the animals
okay okay but when it comes to my brain
you're not vegan
no you can't be vegan and living this
kind and being this quick but
sure you can some people can i cannot
because it was really giving i was how
did it do for your brain
i feel that i must slow you down now i'm
so much sharper than i was and i think
that i was
at one point pretty malnutrition
i don't make these observations
to be different i do not say this in
order to be a contrarian
i am not trying
to distinguish myself from the morass of
public opinion on these issues
i really sincerely see these issues in
a very different way i see this issue
in a very different way from my
contemporary and former youtube
collaborator vegan gains
when i look at miley cyrus
when i hear her narrative of
why she was vegan what veganism means to
her
and why she and veganism have now parted
ways
i think of a 17 year old kid
with a machine gun who's been in the
news
a great deal lately a guy named kyle
rittenhouse
i would bet money that kyle written
knows grew up
reading batman comics and this kid who's
ended up
shooting several people believe at least
two of them are dead
he's on camera proudly saying in the
middle of this riot
that he's there with a machine gun but
that he also had
a medical relief kit you know to provide
care to the injured um and he's on
camera going and trying to help people
with this medical relief kit and he's on
camera taking a fire extinguisher and
trying to put out a fire and
you know he he was there
to be a hero
and that was what miley cyrus wanted to
be
she wanted to rescue trapped and injured
animals
she wanted to be able to boast to the
world that she has
22 rescued animals in her apartment
that when she was a child she rescued
these chickens that were going to be
devoured by a snake
right what she wanted was heroism
was to be remarkable to be exceptional
and her
notion of heroism probably is something
she acquired in childhood probably just
like
kyle rittenhouse she probably took it
from storybooks
from cartoons from comic books from
movies without
really questioning the tremendous gap
between that notion being presented as
commercial
for-profit mass entertainment
and the real world you know if we're on
hollywood and there's the
best dad award i scratch out best and
put worse um but he was also the best
because he would allow me to do a lot of
other crazy things that were awesome
well it you're fine yeah i'm fine my dad
let me steal
chickens from the malibu barn that
little red barn when you come down to
panga
my dad they were gonna feed these
chickens to the snakes and they let us
back there my dad was like listen
i'm billy ray cyrus i'm going to totally
distract him you shove as many chickens
in the back of the corvette as you can
while i'm signing autographs and we're
going to get the hell out of here
so i did i went me and my brother got
all these damn chickens and we shoved
him in the back of his car
and he was gonna snakes went hungry he
was about to go work for david lynch
well he was gonna audition for him for
mulholland drive and my dad brought the
chickens in the corvette and he said if
you're gonna have chickens in the
corvette like you're playing the pool
guy you know that's a pool guy thing to
do
so my dad got the job so because he got
the job he had to stay in l.a and we had
to go back to tennessee so he told me
and my
mom to tell the people on the airplane
that they were
exotic himalayan cockatoos and we did
and they let them on the plane and we
had them in the purse and we
we they lived in a bathtub and like on
hollywood and highland in some hotel for
a long time
and then we got home and the night we
got there our dogs got in the chicken
coop made them all so they died anyway
romance
and marriage in the real world look
nothing like the story of cinderella
it's nothing like a fable it's not like
a cartoon and there are many reasons for
that
including i mean i'm a writer myself if
i were writing a story for children
i might have the most pious of motives
i'm not going to realistically depict
what a marriage is like i'm not going to
realistically depict
what romance i'm not going to
realistically depict for an audience of
children
what you have to think through and the
decisions you have to make
before choosing a girlfriend or
boyfriend and before choosing to get
married to that person
right so i mean even without the
presumably evil motives
of trying to sell as many toys in as
many happy meal products as possible
right the commercial motives that warp
the production of batman movies as well
as disney movies as well as all this
stones and
without even getting that we have to
admit if you're producing something
for children they're gonna be many ways
in which the picture of the world you
present is warped
and it's gonna give children a warped
sense of romantic love
of marriage it's going to give children
a warped sense
of heroism all right and morality
is actually not about heroism
morality is not about doing something
extraordinary it's precisely about
honing
your own character engaging in a sort of
self-discipline
such that these extraordinary things
become ordinary
and indeed the most extraordinary things
about you
are completely invisible to everyone
else around you
veganism is a perfect example of that
i would say also the discipline of the
mind that goes into being
an intellectual i would say also even
the
strange sort of discipline that goes
into charity work into being a
charitable person and
really helping people doesn't make you
extraordinary doesn't make you stand
it makes you you move invisibly in this
society
carrying with you those habits of mind
carrying with you those qualities of the
heart
even if you want to put it that way
right the things that really do
make you a good person in this world
right they don't make you exceptional
they only let you move invisibly about
sobriety
the commitment and living with that
commitment
the commitment to never do drugs to
never do alcohol
to never gamble man to man here i mean
this is this is different for men
than this to women to never rape a woman
to never even grope
a woman i remember one of my uh teenage
friends i could i could say she was a
girlfriend but you know
there there was this girl i knew as a
teenager and i remember her
describing to me that when she went to
concerts
all of these men would grope her you
know what she really talked about this
now i i was never into going to live
music and
you know my response like i'd grown up
reading batman
is like why doesn't someone beat the
crap out of these
immediately thought you know emilia you
know for a man to really grab a woman's
like breasts and vagina and ass and this
is normal i mean in ontario
in that period of time let me tell you
that
she herself was describing that she kind
of got used to it and you know she'd go
to these
she'd get growth by strangers there's
completely mind-blowing to me
i mean there's nothing there's nothing
extraordinary about you there's nothing
heroic
there's nothing that makes you visibly
different from other men
in the society if you live with the
self-discipline
with the quality of character that you
would never
it may be only fractionally as bad as
outright
rape but i think it is in principle the
same kind of
transgression morality doesn't make you
a hero right what makes you a hero
arbitrary circumstances that are beyond
your control
and that's what makes heroism so
meaningless if you happen to be standing
by a river when someone falls off a
bridge
you have the opportunity to swim out and
save someone it's the most ridiculous
and the most meaningless thing
and if you weren't there or if your
hands were busy doing something
else or if you were wearing a cast on
your leg because you had a
broken ankle maybe you'd have to stand
there and watch that person drown and
you couldn't
rescue them because the circumstances
just weren't right when you really
understand what heroism is
you realize it's something you shouldn't
even desire you shouldn't want to be
there you shouldn't want to go there
it shouldn't be something you aspire to
you should recognize the arbitrariness
of it
because it's just the result of
circumstances to be under control
and every day a million acts of heroism
of that kind
go unnoticed and unrewarded
you can you can choose to try
to be a hero like miley cyrus right
miley cyrus
with her 22 rescue animals and saving
the chickens from the snake
and this whole ego trip she's on where
she thinks she's
not just a good person she thinks she's
a great person
she thinks you ought to admire she
thinks she has to be able to boast about
this
right but she doesn't have the
self-discipline
to stop herself from eating this piece
of cheese pizza
she is obviously trying to make herself
look like a beauty icon here
while publicly eating a piece of cheese
pizza and we're supposed to believe that
this cheese pizza is being eaten
for the sake of her physical and mental
health is ridiculous
excuses that are made up you know that's
that's another aspect of human nature
as ridiculous and remarkable as it may
seem
these people in wanting to be something
extraordinary in wanting to have a kind
of heroic
morality whether we're talking about
miley cyrus or kyle ridden house
these are the people who cultivated a
heroic
notion of morality they wanted to be
something and someone extraordinary
and for that self-same reason they never
developed
ordinary morality the very ordinariness
the very banality of what morality
is in principle and practice is what
makes it so hard to talk about
so hard to package into a product so
hard to make a hit disney movie about
the ordinariness the boringness the
unremarkableness of morality
is precisely why nobody wants to pay
to hear a morality lecture in movie
theaters morality lectures
don't sell comic books they don't sell
happy meals they don't sell figurines
they don't
sell rock albums in the same way
that practical advice about how to find
a husband or wife
is never gonna sell the next hit movie
like
snow white and the seven dwarves we all
grow up
being presented with legends and i see
people
like kyle rittenhouse and miley cyrus as
being in some ways
a victim of a kind of legendary
morality that not only misled them led
them away
from real morality but made them
unfamiliar with
the cultivation of what real morality
really means in principle and in
practice i mean really
people like to disrespect my crew but
the fact is that you know my name and i
don't know you